hi I'm Ryan D'Agostino I'm the editor of
the new cookbook from Esquire magazine
eat like a man this is pretty much the
only cookbook a man will ever need today
I'm going to be making one of the
recipes from the book fantastic meatloaf
from chef Michael Symon who in addition
to being an Iron Chef also runs two of
my favorite restaurants in America
Lola Bistro and Lolita in Cleveland
having this book is like having some of
the greatest chefs in the world right
here in your kitchen cooking with you so
this should be easy
good luck well it's a really easy recipe
okay dice up a red onion I'm into a few
cloves of garlic and chop up some
cilantro that we're going to add in
later each chef includes some sort of
technique or trick with their recipe and
as you learn them eventually you build
up your skill set and you can cook
whatever you want so the next thing
we're going to do is saute the onions
and garlic and a little bit of butter
cook these about five to seven minutes
until they're soft and kind of
translucent
okay so next we're going to let the
onions in the garlic cool down now we're
going to put everything else in a big
bowl and mush it all together you got
some nice hot Italian sausage some
ground beef we're going to beat two eggs
together and add those in and then just
some Japanese breadcrumbs and chopped
cilantro then we'll add the cooled off
onions and garlic a little salt a little
pepper so this is the fun part
another thing we have in this book is
essays with short pieces of writing from
Esquire amazing writers that are just
meant to sort of inspire you to get in
the kitchen and cook when everything is
all mixed together and you can't see the
bread crumbs anymore you take the whole
mixture and you pack it into a meat loaf
pan or you can just make it into a shape
that looks like a meatloaf and put it on
a baking sheet into the oven it goes
375 for 40 minutes
right even you couldn't screw it up it's
fantastic Diana he's like a man